rnr was good to you yeah I was awesome
who's a nice little break got some nice
downtime so it was it was it was good to
relax and you know regroup and let the
body rest up a bit ya know I watched
quite a bit of it I mean some of the
games were a little early for me but I
know I've been watched as many games as
I can and you know particularly been
watching the guys that play on our team
like Cooley and Phil and JV are and you
know they've all been doing well so it's
nice to see another level or this just a
continuation I mean who we all believe
that he's able to do it in here I mean
who knows what other people think
outside of our locker room but we
believe in him to be one of the best
players in the league and he's proving
it yet again and you know he just does
that time and time again you guys
lobbying Randy at all to the late
practice a bit today to watch the only
yeah I was thinking we might get a
little delay but you know it's nice to
get out there it actually felt better
than I thought I would and I think a lot
of guys were saying that too so it was a
nice to get a little team practicing a
little wet with Friday's game down at
you yeah it's gonna be a sighting game
to watch for sure I mean I really can't
make any predictions I don't know us has
been playing great candidates kind of
you know snuck snuck few with it or
snuck by with a few wins but you know
every game is different it should be a
fun one to watch who do you want to win
i I don't know it's a tough question for
me two for me to answer I got my two
wingers on us and I'm Canadians so I
mean I guess I'm cheering for both sigh
I'm not really i just hope Phil and
javiar play really well and maybe canada
wins i don't know if you got a chance to
hear from either a filler
yeah I've talked to him a couple times
and you know they're enjoying it they
said everything's great the village is
nice they've meeting lots of new people
and you know having fun they're winning
lots of games and playing really well so
it's making a lot more fun doing any of
that no not yet he said it's been fine
he's got some good stories for me when
it gets back so I'll be excited to hear
those you kind of get the letter today
Tyler but is it a mini training camp are
we takin a little too far um I mean I
don't think so you know is only 10 days
off you training camps after you know a
summer so I don't think you lose too
much on those 10 days I think it only
benefits you interesting the body and
getting regrouped for the end of the
season so it can help in the late
stretch he seems he's a similar guy to
you and maybe that explains part of the
success they've been able to have right
off the hop there do you do you kind of
see that and it may be explained some of
that I mean I don't know I haven't
watched that closely obviously fell seed
unbelievable player as we've seen in the
NHL for for countless years now so I
don't know if I put myself in the same
class as him but you know I think you
know any guy you put with phil and
javiar is has the ability to have
success or two unbelievable players and
easy guys to play with so i mean it i
don't really think about a suit is were
you gonna watch the game friday you have
any idea i know you got the outdoor
practice early and then I guess it's new
yeah I probably just at home just relax
and you know cheer on those guys and
hopefully they have a good game